the word that came to Jeremiah
the word that came to Jeremiah concerning all the Jews who dwell in the
concerning all the Jews who dwell in the
concerning all the Jews who dwell in the land of Egypt who dwell at Migdal Tappin
land of Egypt who dwell at Migdal Tappin
land of Egypt who dwell at Migdal Tappin 'is enough and in the country of
'is enough and in the country of
'is enough and in the country of paffrath thus says the Lord of hosts the
paffrath thus says the Lord of hosts the
paffrath thus says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel you have seen all the
God of Israel you have seen all the
God of Israel you have seen all the calamity that I have brought on
calamity that I have brought on
calamity that I have brought on Jerusalem and on all the cities of Judah
Jerusalem and on all the cities of Judah
Jerusalem and on all the cities of Judah and behold this day they are a
and behold this day they are a
and behold this day they are a desolation and no one dwells in them
desolation and no one dwells in them
desolation and no one dwells in them because of their wickedness which they
because of their wickedness which they
because of their wickedness which they have committed to provoke me to anger in
have committed to provoke me to anger in
have committed to provoke me to anger in that they went to burn incense and to
that they went to burn incense and to
that they went to burn incense and to serve other gods whom they did not know
serve other gods whom they did not know
serve other gods whom they did not know they know you nor your father's however
they know you nor your father's however
they know you nor your father's however I have sent to you all my servants the
I have sent to you all my servants the
I have sent to you all my servants the prophets rising early and sending them
prophets rising early and sending them
prophets rising early and sending them saying oh do not do this abominable
saying oh do not do this abominable
saying oh do not do this abominable thing that I hate but they did not
thing that I hate but they did not
thing that I hate but they did not listen or incline their ear to turn from
listen or incline their ear to turn from
listen or incline their ear to turn from their wickedness to burn no incense to
their wickedness to burn no incense to
their wickedness to burn no incense to other gods so my fury and my anger were
other gods so my fury and my anger were
other gods so my fury and my anger were poured out and kindled in the cities of
poured out and kindled in the cities of
poured out and kindled in the cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem
Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem
Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem and they are wasted and desolate as it
and they are wasted and desolate as it
and they are wasted and desolate as it is this day now therefore thus says the
is this day now therefore thus says the
is this day now therefore thus says the Lord the God of hosts the God of Israel
Lord the God of hosts the God of Israel
Lord the God of hosts the God of Israel why do you commit this great evil
why do you commit this great evil
why do you commit this great evil against yourselves to cut off from you
against yourselves to cut off from you
against yourselves to cut off from you man and woman child and the infant out
man and woman child and the infant out
man and woman child and the infant out of Judah leaving none to remain in that
of Judah leaving none to remain in that
of Judah leaving none to remain in that you provoked me to wrath with the works
you provoked me to wrath with the works
you provoked me to wrath with the works of your hands burning incense to other
of your hands burning incense to other
of your hands burning incense to other gods in the land of Egypt where you have
gods in the land of Egypt where you have
gods in the land of Egypt where you have gone to dwell
gone to dwell
gone to dwell that you may cut yourselves off and be a
that you may cut yourselves off and be a
that you may cut yourselves off and be a curse and a reproach among all the
curse and a reproach among all the
curse and a reproach among all the nations of the earth have you forgotten
nations of the earth have you forgotten
nations of the earth have you forgotten the wickedness of your fathers the
the wickedness of your fathers the
the wickedness of your fathers the wickedness of the kings of Judah the
wickedness of the kings of Judah the
wickedness of the kings of Judah the wickedness of their wives your own
wickedness of their wives your own
wickedness of their wives your own wickedness and the wickedness of your
wickedness and the wickedness of your
wickedness and the wickedness of your wives which they committed in the land
wives which they committed in the land
wives which they committed in the land of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem
of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem
of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem they have not been humbled to this day
they have not been humbled to this day
they have not been humbled to this day nor have they feared they have not
nor have they feared they have not
nor have they feared they have not walked in my law or in my statutes that
walked in my law or in my statutes that
walked in my law or in my statutes that I set before you and your fathers
I set before you and your fathers
I set before you and your fathers therefore thus says the Lord of hosts
therefore thus says the Lord of hosts
therefore thus says the Lord of hosts the God of Israel behold I will set my
the God of Israel behold I will set my
the God of Israel behold I will set my face against you for catastrophe and for
face against you for catastrophe and for
face against you for catastrophe and for cutting off all Judah and I will take
cutting off all Judah and I will take
cutting off all Judah and I will take the remnant of Judah who have set their
the remnant of Judah who have set their
the remnant of Judah who have set their faces to go into the land of Egypt to
faces to go into the land of Egypt to
faces to go into the land of Egypt to dwell there and they shall all be
dwell there and they shall all be
dwell there and they shall all be consumed and fall in the land of Egypt
consumed and fall in the land of Egypt
consumed and fall in the land of Egypt they shall be consumed by the sword and
they shall be consumed by the sword and
they shall be consumed by the sword and by famine they shall die from the least
by famine they shall die from the least
by famine they shall die from the least to the greatest by the sword and by
to the greatest by the sword and by
to the greatest by the sword and by famine and they shall be an oath and
famine and they shall be an oath and
famine and they shall be an oath and astonishment a curse and a reproach for
astonishment a curse and a reproach for
astonishment a curse and a reproach for I will punish those who dwell in the
I will punish those who dwell in the
I will punish those who dwell in the land of Egypt as I have punished
land of Egypt as I have punished
land of Egypt as I have punished Jerusalem by the sword by famine and by
Jerusalem by the sword by famine and by
Jerusalem by the sword by famine and by pestilence so that none of the remnant
pestilence so that none of the remnant
pestilence so that none of the remnant of Judah who have gone into the land of
of Judah who have gone into the land of
of Judah who have gone into the land of Egypt to dwell there shall escape or
Egypt to dwell there shall escape or
Egypt to dwell there shall escape or survive unless they returned in the land
survive unless they returned in the land
survive unless they returned in the land of Judah to which they desire to return
of Judah to which they desire to return
of Judah to which they desire to return and dwell when none shall return except
and dwell when none shall return except
and dwell when none shall return except those who escape then all the men who
those who escape then all the men who
those who escape then all the men who knew that their wives had burned incense
knew that their wives had burned incense
knew that their wives had burned incense to other gods with all the women who
to other gods with all the women who
to other gods with all the women who stood by a great multitude and all the
stood by a great multitude and all the
stood by a great multitude and all the people who dwelt in the land of Egypt in
people who dwelt in the land of Egypt in
people who dwelt in the land of Egypt in paths frass answered Jeremiah
paths frass answered Jeremiah
paths frass answered Jeremiah as for the word that you have spoken to
as for the word that you have spoken to
as for the word that you have spoken to us in the name of the Lord we will not
us in the name of the Lord we will not
us in the name of the Lord we will not listen to you but we will certainly do
listen to you but we will certainly do
listen to you but we will certainly do whatever has gone out of our own mouth
whatever has gone out of our own mouth
whatever has gone out of our own mouth to burn incense to the queen of heaven
to burn incense to the queen of heaven
to burn incense to the queen of heaven and pour out drink offerings to her as
and pour out drink offerings to her as
and pour out drink offerings to her as we have done we and our fathers are
we have done we and our fathers are
we have done we and our fathers are kings and our Prince's in the cities of
kings and our Prince's in the cities of
kings and our Prince's in the cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem
Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem
Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem for then we had plenty of food were well
for then we had plenty of food were well
for then we had plenty of food were well off and saw no trouble but since we
off and saw no trouble but since we
off and saw no trouble but since we stopped burning incense to the Queen of
stopped burning incense to the Queen of
stopped burning incense to the Queen of Heaven and pouring out drink offerings
Heaven and pouring out drink offerings
Heaven and pouring out drink offerings to her we have lacked everything and
to her we have lacked everything and
to her we have lacked everything and have been consumed by the sword and by
have been consumed by the sword and by
have been consumed by the sword and by famine the women also said and when we
famine the women also said and when we
famine the women also said and when we burned incense to the Queen of Heaven
burned incense to the Queen of Heaven
burned incense to the Queen of Heaven and poured out drink offerings to her
and poured out drink offerings to her
and poured out drink offerings to her did we make cakes for her to worship her
did we make cakes for her to worship her
did we make cakes for her to worship her and pour out drink offerings to her
and pour out drink offerings to her
and pour out drink offerings to her without our husbands permission then
without our husbands permission then
without our husbands permission then jeremiah spoke to all the people the men
jeremiah spoke to all the people the men
jeremiah spoke to all the people the men the women and all the people who had
the women and all the people who had
the women and all the people who had given him that answer the incense that
given him that answer the incense that
given him that answer the incense that you burned in the cities of Judah and in
you burned in the cities of Judah and in
you burned in the cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem you and your
the streets of Jerusalem you and your
the streets of Jerusalem you and your father's your kings and your princes and
father's your kings and your princes and
father's your kings and your princes and the people of the land did not the Lord
the people of the land did not the Lord
the people of the land did not the Lord remember them and did it not come into
remember them and did it not come into
remember them and did it not come into his mind so the Lord could no longer
his mind so the Lord could no longer
his mind so the Lord could no longer bear it because of the evil of your
bear it because of the evil of your
bear it because of the evil of your doings and the cause of the abominations
doings and the cause of the abominations
doings and the cause of the abominations which you committed therefore your land
which you committed therefore your land
which you committed therefore your land is a desolation an astonishment a curse
is a desolation an astonishment a curse
is a desolation an astonishment a curse without an inhabitant as it is this day
without an inhabitant as it is this day
without an inhabitant as it is this day because you have burned incense and
because you have burned incense and
because you have burned incense and because you have sinned against the Lord
because you have sinned against the Lord
because you have sinned against the Lord and have not obeyed the voice of the
and have not obeyed the voice of the
and have not obeyed the voice of the Lord or walk in his law in his statutes
Lord or walk in his law in his statutes
Lord or walk in his law in his statutes or in his testimonies therefore this
or in his testimonies therefore this
or in his testimonies therefore this calamity has happened to you as at this
calamity has happened to you as at this
calamity has happened to you as at this day
day
day moreover jeremiah said to all the people
moreover jeremiah said to all the people
moreover jeremiah said to all the people and to all the women here the word of
and to all the women here the word of
and to all the women here the word of the lord all judah who are in the land
the lord all judah who are in the land
the lord all judah who are in the land of egypt thus says the lord of hosts the
of egypt thus says the lord of hosts the
of egypt thus says the lord of hosts the God of Israel saying you and your wives
God of Israel saying you and your wives
God of Israel saying you and your wives have spoken with your mouths and
have spoken with your mouths and
have spoken with your mouths and fulfilled with your hand saying we will
fulfilled with your hand saying we will
fulfilled with your hand saying we will surely keep our vows that we have made
surely keep our vows that we have made
surely keep our vows that we have made to burn incense to the queen of heaven
to burn incense to the queen of heaven
to burn incense to the queen of heaven and pour out drink offerings to her you
and pour out drink offerings to her you
and pour out drink offerings to her you will surely keep your vows and perform
will surely keep your vows and perform
will surely keep your vows and perform your vows therefore hear the word of the
your vows therefore hear the word of the
your vows therefore hear the word of the Lord all Judah who dwell in the land of
Lord all Judah who dwell in the land of
Lord all Judah who dwell in the land of Egypt behold I have sworn by my great
Egypt behold I have sworn by my great
Egypt behold I have sworn by my great name says the Lord that my name shall no
name says the Lord that my name shall no
name says the Lord that my name shall no more be named in the mouth of any man of
more be named in the mouth of any man of
more be named in the mouth of any man of Judah in all the land of Egypt saying
Judah in all the land of Egypt saying
Judah in all the land of Egypt saying the Lord God lives behold I will watch
the Lord God lives behold I will watch
the Lord God lives behold I will watch over them for adversity and not for good
over them for adversity and not for good
over them for adversity and not for good and all the men of Judah who are in the
and all the men of Judah who are in the
and all the men of Judah who are in the land of Egypt shall be consumed by the
land of Egypt shall be consumed by the
land of Egypt shall be consumed by the sword and by famine until there is an
sword and by famine until there is an
sword and by famine until there is an end to them yet a small number who
end to them yet a small number who
end to them yet a small number who escaped the sword shall return from the
escaped the sword shall return from the
escaped the sword shall return from the land of Egypt to the land of Judah and
land of Egypt to the land of Judah and
land of Egypt to the land of Judah and all the remnant of Judah who have gone
all the remnant of Judah who have gone
all the remnant of Judah who have gone to the land of Egypt to dwell there
to the land of Egypt to dwell there
to the land of Egypt to dwell there shall know whose words will stand mine
shall know whose words will stand mine
shall know whose words will stand mine or theirs
or theirs
or theirs and this shall be assigned to you says
and this shall be assigned to you says
and this shall be assigned to you says the Lord but I will punish you in this
the Lord but I will punish you in this
the Lord but I will punish you in this place that you may know that my words
place that you may know that my words
place that you may know that my words will surely stand against you for
will surely stand against you for
will surely stand against you for adversity thus says the Lord behold I
adversity thus says the Lord behold I
adversity thus says the Lord behold I will give Pharaoh Khafra king of Egypt
will give Pharaoh Khafra king of Egypt
will give Pharaoh Khafra king of Egypt into the hand of his enemies and into
into the hand of his enemies and into
into the hand of his enemies and into the hand of those who seek his life as I
the hand of those who seek his life as I
the hand of those who seek his life as I gave said Akaya
gave said Akaya
gave said Akaya king of Judah into the hand of
king of Judah into the hand of
king of Judah into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon his enemy
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon his enemy
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon his enemy who sought his life
who sought his life
who sought his life [Music]